hi my name is Holly Shannon and I'm
about to show you how to rap with the it
works ultimate body applicator so the
ultimate body applicator comes in a box
just like this and there's four in a box
and each wrap comes in an individual
packet like this so the first thing
we're going to do is we're going to cut
the applicator packet open and we are
going to be wrapping my tummy
so when you take the applicator out of
the package all of the goodness is
inside you're going to unfold
like so
going to place the applicator lotion
side down against the skin
and to smooth out all of the air bubbles
we're going to take plastic wrap place
it directly over the applicator you
don't have to wrap very tight the
plastic wrap is just really to keep the
applicator in place and there you have
it folks
easy as pie I've got my ultimate body
applicator on now I can just go get in
bed I can relax and in as little as 45
minutes my stomach's gonna look tighter
toner and firmer so if you have any
questions or you'd like more information
on the ultimate body applicator please
visit my website at salon sentro my
marks com that's Salon Centro S alo n CN
TR o
Myatt works.com thanks and happy
wrapping